Added doc for Include ignored files (#2146)
babel/website: website/versioned_docs/version-7.0.0/cli.md

### Ignore files

> Given files will be ignored from compilation and will not moved to destination folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files matching the pattern(s) will be ignored from compilation and will not be copied to destination folder.
```

> Given files will be ignored from compilation and will not moved to destination folder.

Reviewer: One tricky thing with this page, is that these are basically "recipes" for doing common things as opposed to a full detailed list of options.

Should we just keep the original text to match and maybe add a more noticeable section above this that links to [options](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/options)?

```sh
npx babel src --out-dir lib --ignore "src/**/*.spec.js","src/**/*.test.js"
```

> ### Include ignored files

Reviewer: I don't think we need this addition to the versioned doc since `--include-ignore` is new?
